Instructor: As mentioned in the previous lecture,
installing Windows on Apple computers
that use the ARM chips,
the M1, M2, and so on, the M series, is different.
So the method shown in the previous lecture will not work,
and that's why we have this lecture
to show you how to install Windows 11
on Apple computers that use the ARM chips
the M1, M2, and so on.
If you already got Windows installed
following the instructions in the previous lecture,
then you can skip this lecture.
You should only watch this lecture
if you have not installed Windows yet as a virtual machine
because you have an Apple computer
that uses an ARM chip such as the M1, M2, and so on.
So first of all,
you're gonna need to download the Windows 11
for ARM processors.
You can download it from the resources of this lecture.
As you can see, I already have it downloaded in here.
It's in a 7-Zip format, so it's compressed.
And in order to decompress it, we're gonna double click it,
and give it some time to decompress.
And perfect, now that the decompression is complete,
we have a new file in here, and as you can see,
the extension is .vmwarevm
which is basically a ready virtual machine for VMware.
Now, we've already covered how to install VMware previously,
so if you don't know or if you haven't done it already,
just go back and revise it.
So all I'm gonna do is simply double click the file
to open it in VMware.
Click on I Copied It
because I created this virtual machine for you,
and now the virtual machine is gonna start.
And perfect, as you can see,
we are logged in into our Windows 11 computer
which is running as a virtual machine inside VMware player
inside my Apple silicon computer.
So if I go ahead here on the right
and click on the virtual machine library,
as you can see I have Kali installed in here,
and now I have Windows which I can run
by simply clicking on start,
but right now it's already running, so I can't stop it.
So I'm gonna close this, and as you can see,
and here it's saying it is not connected to the internet,
because we need to install the VMware tools on it
which will install the drivers for the virtual interfaces
so that we can access virtual networks,
and it'll also install the display drivers
and enable a lot of usability features.
To do that, we're gonna go to the virtual machine here,
and we're gonna click Reinstall VMware Tools.
We're gonna click Install,
and this will basically mount a DVD drive on this computer.
And as you can see, we have a notification in here
telling us that a new DVD drive is detected,
and it's asking me what do I want to do?
I'm gonna click it and I'm gonna say,
"Open the folder for me, please."
I'm gonna scroll down,
and we're gonna use this setup script in here
to install the tools.
So I'm gonna right click it
and choose to run it with PowerShell.
It's gonna ask you
if you want to allow this application to make changes.
We're gonna say Yes,
and we're gonna give this some time
in order to install VMware tools on this virtual machine.
Once the PowerShell blue screen disappears,
it means that everything got installed properly.
And if you look here at the bottom,
you'll see that we have network connection through ethernet,
and that's because this machine is configured
to use the virtual net network that VMware starts.
And I have my virtual machines configured
to get internet access.
And like we said before, this way these machines
think that the host machine is the router
and they connect to the virtual NAT network through it
and get internet access through it.
And to confirm this, we can simply open up a web browser,
get started, and just go to google.com.
And perfect, as you can see, now we have internet access
on this virtual machine.
And we can also go into full screen
by clicking the screen button in here.
The screen will adjust, but sometimes, as you can see,
it's not gonna fully go into the right resolution.
So to fix this,
you can simply right click anywhere on the desktop,
go to the display settings,
and select the resolution that you want.
So in my case, it's the 1920 by 1080, and perfect.
As you can see right now, we got the right resolution.
If you wanna exit the full screen
you can simply just take the mouse to the top
and click the green button, and we are out of it.
And as you can see right now,
we have this Windows machine running as a virtual machine
through VMware inside my Apple silicone computer
alongside my Kali machine,
which we can access in here in the virtual machine library.
So now we can try to hack into this Windows machine
and test attacks against it using the Kali machine.